Brainstorming

Set up volume settings and dyslexia-friendly fonts?
Regular text: THSarabun New or OpenDyslexicAlta
Chat text: Ponyo or OpenDyslexicMono
Soundeffects: Santa Barbara Streets or OpenDyslexicAlta Bold Italic


Message Daré in Untangling
  They bring their favorite pair of scissors (Jeff keeps borrowing the pair and they don't want them to get dull)
  Corporate spy stabs Ms. Loop with the scissors when the lights go out
  We know corporate spy did it because they're allergic to Daré's perfume, breaking out in a rash
  Find out corporate spy is a spy because they should've filled out allergy paperwork early on, and Daré is always careful to follow the list of avoidances when choosing new products
  They killed Ms. Loop because they think she'd found their fingerprint on the TM's lens (it's not just a lens, it's a loupe, says Julie from Branding)
  Authorities arrive and open the doors of the building, triggering the loop to restart

Message Brad in Janitorial
  He brings his vacuum and his own lovely face.
  Spy's bribed accomplice recognizes him, assumes this is a meeting exposing them, and stabs Ms. Loop with her own pen from the middle of the table
  We know accomplice did it because they try to get Brad, too
  You establish any previously discovered murderers didn't move, she wasn't the only target, and Brad's vacuum makes a similar noise to the whooshing before the power outages
  So you arrange to turn on the vacuum, he turns the lights off at your signal, and then turns them immediately back on to catch the killer inches away
  Accomplice admits they needed the money before the company goes under. There's no way Clockwork Inc is going to succeed; they just threw random lenses together to make something that looks impressive (they're not lenses, they're loupes, says Julie from Branding).
  Authorities arrive and open the doors of the building, triggering the loop to restart

Message Whitney in Resources
  She brings her gemologists' kit, with clean sparkling loupe and pointy tweezers
  Paranoid employee stabs Ms. Loop with the tweezers when the lights go out
  We know paranoid employee did it because they touched the loupe (rendering it impossible to swap out with this loupe after the murder) with wet fingernail polish
  (This could require that we get Whitney back to her bag to notice, after coming to identify her tweezers.)
  Paranoid employee killed Ms. Loop because she definitely was about to fire them for their frequent inattention in the TM room overnight
  Authorities arrive and open the doors of the building, triggering the loop to restart

If you message no one, everyone's pretty on-edge during the meeting but nobody dies
  Ms. Loop has invited you at your managers' recommendations to participate in a focus group
  "Just like the loupes we use in the TM, you'll help Clockwork Inc focus in on what makes this company special."
  Quite a while later, everything's wrapping up
  "Thank you so much for your feedback, everyone. I think it's about time we all head to lunch and then back to the same old same old, but I'll be reaching out to you in the next week. We want to keep this dialogue open, make sure to keep each other in the loop."
  You're all cut off on your way to the door by that same whine, and the lights flickering, and then--the loop restarts

If you try to leave after the murder, you're tackled by security, the authorities open the doors of the building and trigger the loop to restart

After you've finished Daré's branch, you know the issue is a smudge on the loupe
After you've finished Brad's branch, you can ask him to clean it -- but it will remain under-protected, without getting the inattentive paranoid employee out
After you've finished Whitney's branch, you can ask her to swap it out -- but we don't know how the corporate spy got into the area (was the employee really that reliably inattentive?)
When you have all three, you can start a group chat with Brad and Whitney (could you guys head down to the TM? one of the loupes needs replacing and cleaning)
Any of these solved scenarios, after the short power outage, Daré is in the doorway looking relieved and Ms. Loop is still standing. "Did it happen again, Daré?" "Yes, ma'am. No reports yet on who got caught." You check for any sharp objects and palm the pen in the middle of the conference table, "Actually, I do have some information regarding getting caught."
